README.md, before:

# kak-live-grep

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/QFCtdSfpXby5OFfDcFCAaLiRS.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/QFCtdSfpXby5OFfDcFCAaLiRS)

Search your project files live using
[Kakoune](https://github.com/mawww/kakoune)'s built-in tools.

## Installation

Source `live-grep.kak` in your `kakrc`, or use a plugin manager.

## Usage

Invoke the `live-grep` command to start a live grep. The toolsclient will be
used if it is defined and active. Type your query into the prompt and review
the results as you go.

Press `<ret>` to complete the search, or `<s-ret>` to complete the search and
select all matches of the query in the results buffer. Auto-selecting the query
matches allows for a very quick find/replace workflow when combined with
[grep-write.kak](https://github.com/JacobTravers/grep-write.kak).

The live grep utilizes the `grepcmd` option and the `*grep*` buffer. All of the
existing grep commands will work with live grep results.

## Configuration

Defining the `LiveGrepMatch` face will live-highlight the matches in the
results buffer as you type. For example, to add an underline to, use
`set-face global LiveGrepMatch +u`.

## Contributing

Please send questions, requests, bug reports, and patches to the
[mailing list](https://lists.sr.ht/~raiguard/public-inbox).

Commit message:

Add live_grep_timeout option

README.md, after:

# kak-live-grep

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/QFCtdSfpXby5OFfDcFCAaLiRS.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/QFCtdSfpXby5OFfDcFCAaLiRS)

Search your project files live using
[Kakoune](https://github.com/mawww/kakoune)'s built-in tools.

## Installation

Source `live-grep.kak` in your `kakrc`, or use a plugin manager.

## Usage

Invoke the `live-grep` command to start a live grep. The toolsclient will be
used if it is defined and active. Type your query into the prompt and review
the results as you go.

Press `<ret>` to complete the search, or `<s-ret>` to complete the search and
select all matches of the query in the results buffer. Auto-selecting the query
matches allows for a very quick find/replace workflow when combined with
[grep-write.kak](https://github.com/JacobTravers/grep-write.kak).

The live grep utilizes the `grepcmd` option and the `*grep*` buffer. All of the
existing grep commands will work with live grep results.

## Configuration

Defining the `LiveGrepMatch` face will live-highlight the matches in the
results buffer as you type. For example, to add an underline to, use
`set-face global LiveGrepMatch +u`.

The `live_grep_timeout` option allows adjusting how quickly the results are
updated. Set to a larger timeout for larger projects.

## Contributing

Please send questions, requests, bug reports, and patches to the
[mailing list](https://lists.sr.ht/~raiguard/public-inbox).
